Converting List values to Strings and Combining Strings
The lists RD, RAg, and RAr are generated based on the previous steps. For example, lists like the following are generated:

fore example: 
RD = { 0.05, 0.18, 0.25, 0.37, 0.45, 0.58, 0.62, 0.78, 0.85, 0.93 };
RAg = { 0.12, 0.33, 0.55, 0.67, 0.79, 0.88, 0.94, 0.42, 0.25, 0.61 };
RAr = { 0.02, 0.28, 0.47, 0.63, 0.71, 0.84, 0.91, 0.39, 0.56, 0.72 };

Of course, the number of elements in the lists generated by the algorithm is much larger than the above example. Next, the coding operations of the values were performed as mentioned in the algorithm.
In this code, to avoid lengthy writing in the booklet, intervals of 0.1 are used for coding. However, in the default state in the software, intervals of 0.05 are considered, which can be adjusted to 0.1 or 0.02.



public double[] RD1;
public double[] RAg1;
public double[] RAr1;

public static string GetEncodedValue(double value, string[] codes)
{
    string code = "";

    if (value >= 0 && value <= 0.1)
    {
        code = codes[0];
    }
    else if (value > 0.1 && value <= 0.2)
    {
        code = codes[1];
    }
    else if (value > 0.2 && value <= 0.3)
    {
        code = codes[2];
    }
    else if (value > 0.3 && value <= 0.4)
    {
        code = codes[3];
    }
    else if (value > 0.4 && value <= 0.5)
    {
        code = codes[4];
    }
    else if (value > 0.5 && value <= 0.6)
    {
        code = codes[5];
    }
    else if (value > 0.6 && value <= 0.7)
    {
        code = codes[6];
    }
    else if (value > 0.7 && value <= 0.8)
    {
        code = codes[7];
    }
    else if (value > 0.8 && value <= 0.9)
    {
        code = codes[8];
    }
    else if (value > 0.9 && value <= 1)
    {
        code = codes[9];
    }

    return code;
}

private string EncodeValues()
{
    double[] RD1 = { 0.05, 0.18, 0.25, 0.37, 0.45, 0.58, 0.62, 0.78, 0.85, 0.93 };
    double[] RAg1 = new double[] { 0.12, 0.33, 0.55, 0.67, 0.79, 0.88, 0.94, 0.42, 0.25, 0.61 };
    double[] RAr1 = new double[] { 0.02, 0.28, 0.47, 0.63, 0.71, 0.84, 0.91, 0.39, 0.56, 0.72 };

    string[] codes = { "A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "H", "I", "J" };

    string encodedValues = "";

    for (int i = 0; i < RD1.Length; i++)
    {
        double value = RD1[i];
        double value2 = RAg1[i];
        double value3 = RAr1[i];

        double RD = value;
        double RAg = value2;
        double RAr = value3;

        string encodedRD = GetEncodedValue(RD, codes);
        string encodedRDRag = GetEncodedValue(RD * RAg, codes);
        string encodedRDRAr = GetEncodedValue(RD * RAr, codes);

        string encoder1 = (encodedRD + encodedRD) + encodedRDRag + encodedRDRAr;

        string encodedRAg = GetEncodedValue(RAg, codes);
        string encodedRAgRD = GetEncodedValue(RAg * RD, codes);
        string encodedRAgRAr = GetEncodedValue(RAg * RAr, codes);

        string encoder2 = (encodedRAg + encodedRAg) + encodedRAgRD + encodedRAgRAr;

        string encodedRAr = GetEncodedValue(RAr, codes);
        string encodedRArRD = GetEncodedValue(RAr * RD, codes);
        string encodedRArRAg = GetEncodedValue(RAr * RAg, codes);

        string encoder3 = (encodedRAr + encodedRAr) + encodedRArRD + encodedRArRAg;

        string combination = encoder1 + encoder2 + encoder3;
        encodedValues += combination;
    }

    return encodedValues;
}



This code implements a function to convert numeric values to strings. In this program, three arrays named RD1, RAg1, and RAr1 are defined to hold decimal values.
The GetEncodedValue function takes a decimal value and an array of strings as input and returns the corresponding string value based on the input value.
To do this, the input value is compared with sample values in the codes array using a series of conditions and returns the corresponding value. 
The EncodeValues function calculates the string values for each element in the RD1, RAg1, and RAr1 arrays and concatenates them. 
For each element, the RD, RAg, and RAr values are determined, and their corresponding string values are calculated using the GetEncodedValue function.
Then, the strings are concatenated and stored in encodedValues. The output string is as shown below. Finally, this code just needs to be stored in the database with the individual's name and identity.
